tiproxy: add description on graceful-wait and signing-cert (#2503)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/deploy-tiproxy.md

    ```yaml
    spec:
      tiproxy:
        config: |
          [log]
          level = "info"
    ```

    For more information about TiProxy configuration, see [TiProxy Configuration](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v7.6/tiproxy-configuration).

4. Configure the related parameters in `spec.tidb` of the TidbCluster CR. For example:

>     + It is recommended to configure `graceful-wait-before-shutdown` to a value longer than the maximum duration of the transactions in your application. This is used together with TiProxy's connection migration feature. For more information, see [TiProxy Limitations](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v7.6/tiproxy-overview#limitations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    + It is recommended to configure `graceful-wait-before-shutdown` to a value greater than the maximum duration of the transactions in your application. This is used together with TiProxy's connection migration feature. For more information, see [TiProxy Limitations](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v7.6/tiproxy-overview#limitations).
```

        ```yaml
          spec:
            tidb:
              config: |
                graceful-wait-before-shutdown = 30
       ```

    + If [TLS is enabled for the cluster](enable-tls-between-components.md), skip this step. If TLS is not enabled for the cluster, you need to generate a self-signed certificate and manually configure [`session-token-signing-cert`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-configuration-file#session-token-signing-cert-new-in-v640) and [`session-token-signing-key`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-configuration-file#session-token-signing-key-new-in-v640) for TiDB:

        ```yaml
        spec:
          tidb:
            additionalVolumes:
              - name: sessioncert
                secret:
                  secretName: sessioncert-secret
            additionalVolumeMounts:
              - name: sessioncert
                mountPath: /var/session
            config: |
              session-token-signing-cert = "/var/session/tls.crt"
              session-token-signing-key = "/var/session/tls.key"
        ```

>         For more information, refer to TiDB configuration file [`session-token-signing-cert`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-configuration-file#session-token-signing-cert-new-in-v640).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        For more information, see [`session-token-signing-cert`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-configuration-file#session-token-signing-cert-new-in-v640).
```
